In the waters of my waves,
On ashless rocks I chant divine,
But the bare glories of thy praise,
For all I have, the pride of shine.
For all I have, the pride of shine,
Who is a morning cloud like me,
All who has grace, so rich and free.
Who is straight, is spacious space,
Is the life-giver, the hope of love.
Fill the whole world with grateful praise,
And all the infinite parts of love.
Who is a morning cloud like me,
All who has grace, so rich and free.
You are the valley of my might,
The valley of you, the mountain of my.
All through the vast, with your avenue,
That hope I make a global dream.
God is in love with my destiny,
I'm proud of my hope and hope I hear.
O my grass and my tall tree,
Come earth, my glory and my hope is.
O with me now I am my God-lord,
In the air I breathe the river of hope.
God is in love with my destiny,
I'm proud of my hope and hope I hear.